meanwhile Israel is pressing on with its
offensive in Gaza more air strikes and
shelling has been reported in the
southern city of Kan Yunis the
Palestinian red crescent said Israel
bombed its headquarters in the city
killing five people and the humanitarian
situation in the territory continues to
deteriorate the UN says a quarter of
residents now face starvation twws
Muhammad alud filed this report from
Gaza WBA mahen lost her husband and
daughter in an Israeli bombing on her
home in Northern Gaza but she had little
time to grieve her loss she has to take
care of her other three children wahiba
now lives in masasi refugee camp in
southern Gaza the loss of her husband
means she has also lost her source of
[Music]
income the economic situation here is
very
bad I don't know how to feed my children
I don't know how to provide them with
winter clothes and
shoes we have many
needs we still don't have clean water
there's no water in this place I have to
go
outside I'm a widow and I have to go out
and get water whatever we need and
anything to do with
money bread is a staple food for her
family she needs the dough in her room
and bakes the bread in an open shared
stove for WEA and many other women in
the Gaza Strip economic hardship is not
the only
problem the unsanitary conditions in the
camps are also making life
difficult this is worsened by a severe
shortage of female hygiene products and
birth control
pills for some time now sanitary pads
have been out of stock in the
market we Face many problems we use
pieces of clothing instead of sanitary
pads and we have infections and skin
problems we had to buy baby diapers
which are available but the price has
gone up
exponentially and the demand continues
to
rise so we are facing a shortage of
sanitary pads and now we're struggling
dramatically we're beginning to diseases
of the reproductive system and allergies
some symptoms we've never seen
before with only a trickle of Aid
arriving in Gaza there is little hope
the situation will improve wahba hopes
that the war ends soon and that she and
her children can return to their
home